Migrate MySQL memory usage (#723)
aiven/devportal: docs/products/mysql/concepts/mysql-memory-usage.rst

> MySQL memory usage

Reviewer: should this be 
```suggestion
MySQL high memory usage
```

==================

> MySQL InnoDB buffer pools are **pre-allocated** and shown as **used memory** even without user activity or stored data in the database. Because of this pre-allocated memory, it's expected high memory usage within all Aiven MySQL plans. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MySQL InnoDB buffer pools <https://dev.mysql.com/doc/refman/8.0/en/innodb-buffer-pool.html>`_ are **pre-allocated** and shown as **used memory** even without user activity or stored data in the database. Because of this pre-allocated memory, you can expect a high memory usage within all Aiven MySQL plans. 
```

Author: As it is the same link and they are very close maybe I will add only once

.. important::
    
    The high memory usage on MySQL Aiven services does not indicate any particular issue. 

InnoDB buffer pools are set to values between 15% to 80% of total available memory. Smaller plans use a smaller percentage of total memory for buffer pools because the operating system and management infrastructure components and other MySQL features may consume a considerable portion of the available memory. A sufficient amount of free memory is reserved to run extra utilities while backing up the database.

> The MySQL documentation references buffer pool sizing explicitly:

Reviewer: Do we have a reference for this? I would put also the link to the documentation stating the fact

    A buffer pool is the memory area that holds cached InnoDB data for both tables and indexes. A larger buffer pool requires less disk I/O to access the same table data more than once. On a dedicated database server, you might set the buffer pool size to 80% of the machine's physical memory size.

> All nodes also have some base CPU consumption due to management overhead (about 5% of a single CPU core).

Reviewer: This is written as last comment, but it's a relevant information that maybe we can include a bit more towards the end
